---
created: 2024-10-10 12:47
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, October 10, 2024

<< [[2024-10-09-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-10-11-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---



- Add uniquness to the columns - Will this be done with merge conditions?  
- Add create at column  - [x]
- Document token vault meeting 
- think about how deterministic and non determinstic token work 

---

# 📝 Notes





Current state
- **Meeting to discuss how to ensure uniqueness**: Had a meeting with Leon Kellner to discuss how to ensure uniqueness of columns/column groups. He confirmed that there isn't any way to ensure this in DBX except for trying to enforce constraints after loading. However then duplicated data has already been written to the token vault which imo we should try to prevent. Another solution I think is viable is to use merge conditions to prevent this from happening. 
- **Comparing DBX vs External DB**: I've Prepared material for comparing having the token vault being DBX or an external (operational) DB. Please have a look at  https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLY_FUlM=/?moveToWidget=3458764602695182432&cot=14
- **Meeting with Tim Schrumpf from Cloud Platform team:** He described how they're doing: 
	- Disaster recoveries
	- Use audit logs 
	- Do worm backups
	He's gonna send some documentation of how they're doing this. This can probably serve as a good inspiration when working on these topics. 
	He also mentioned that if we would use an external DB they can support with setting up the VPC, DB and endpoint. We basically just need to provide the application code.      
- **Broke down the requirements** and grouped them as well as adding priorities to each. I also added associated activities which is needed to refine and decide on detail of the implementation. See https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLY_FUlM=/?moveToWidget=3458764602823880747&cot=14 and next steps. 
	

Next steps 
- **Have a meeting to refine requirements** to make sure that we have listed all the requirements that is necessary for the token vault. 
- Meeting to decide whether to use **DBX or and External DB**.  Kevin is gonna align with the Data Products team and see their availability, but many are on vacation for now.  
- **Align on tokenization format**. For example :
	- Deterministic and Non-determinstic
	- Format preserving or UUID
	- Which columns should be anonymized and what types are they.
   Valentina offerred to setup a meeting to discuss this.   		
- **Data access:** Should data access be binary or more fine grained. Might need to loop in the DPO here. @Valentina offerred to write to her. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

