---
created: 2024-10-29 09:53
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, October 29, 2024

<< [[2024-10-28-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-10-30-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Guarantee token isn't regenerated by creating a old token tables
- [ ] Prepare the planning for backlog and roadmap
- [ ] Review developer agreement
- [ ] Collect feedback
- Laurenz
- Gustav
- Erik 
- Unidon? 
- Johanna 

---

# 📝 Notes

Context window - availability window
public web 
what is a developer able to see

Systems that have access to token and the clear text. 


Two use cases: 
- Either get the token
- Translate token to clear text

jwt tokens 
Shouldn't trust the token but verify it from a system level. 

### Chinese wall model
like to have implemented in your access control
you can have one or the other 
either access to the token or clear text
bridge of trust - we can't differ what's right and wrong? 
You cannot prove if. 

give two roles for a system. Enforces clear access pattern 

Open source would be a better solution. 

Attack path analysis. Attack vectors in a row do you have 
Very simple. For an API. 
Attack paths: All systems that are connected to that API call. How is 

sql database: all users. Same DBMS. 
two different systems: manager users login, one part to search for products. If you set both account for admin for the dbms. You can go from the shopping experience and change the user account. If you separate the privileges. 
If you separateB the access to all users. 


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

