---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-09-18 11:21
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, September 18, 2023

<< [[2023-09-17-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-09-19-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Create data validation
	- ~~Complete documentation for data validation~ 
	 - [ ] Add real phone numbers to test validation set
	+ Open PR to create data validation set
	 
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Netlight
		- [ ] Follow up on gcp certifications document
	 - [ ] PII
		- [ ] Add task for location
		- [!] Add task for automatically running the validation on a PR
		- [!] Need to add higher confidence but for instance looking at how many of one mail is occurring
		 - [ ] Don't have any context to what part in a findings that was PII
		- [ ] Could pubsub messges be trunacated due to size.  Some messages or columns were truncated due to size. To pull the full message, see this documentation
		- [ ] Add pii table reference in terraform 
	 - [ ] Datahub
		- [ ] Write Summary from Sebastian
		- [ ] React on logs?
		 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
		- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives
- [ ] Question:
	 - [ ] How is the pubsub messages consumed. Can they consume more although porcessing a callback. Can the load be uneven so only one batch job consume the last messages.

---

# 📝 Notes

#### PR for adding a test validation set

I've create a new page, operations management https://confluence.media-saturn.com/x/V4e-Gw,  similar to the one we have for datahub. In that section you'll two subsections - Data validation and testing - where I've described how we create the data validation and its intended use case.  

 Since we don't know exactly how we'll create the data validation in the future (bigquery CLI or dataform or another alternative) I've just saved it in our project queries for now. It would be good if  check if the creation of the separate tables make sense. Right now we're recreating the manual data whereas we snapshot the real data to avoid data drift. It would be great to get your input here rather than looking to much on the exact values for each table since they're most likely gonna change.  
https://console.cloud.google.com/bigquery?sq=336446649385:04750ead7a914c09bc6dc7d2805f5d2d

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

