---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-09-07 09:33
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, September 07, 2023

<< [[2023-09-06-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-09-08-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Fix data acces not propagating
	- WHICH GROUP WAS USED? 
	- Test with Diego today
	- We're responding with a 200 when we get error so needs to be fixed 
	- Book a meeting with Xuelei to discuss error codes
- [x] I left the analytics_services group. Needs to be added back again ✅ 2023-09-07
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Read post filter PR
	- [ ] Investigate pubsub subscriber not pulling all messages 
		- Add some logging and debugger
		 - Same problem for deployed version? 
	- [ ] Could pubsub messges be trunacated due to size.  Some messages or columns were truncated due to size. To pull the full message, see this documentation
	 - [ ] Don't have any context to what part in a findings that was PII
	- [ ] Add task_count and parallelism as environment variables
	- [ ] Write Summary from Sebastian
	- [ ] Missing from datahub but discovered in the unnesting v135-4542-pricing-cockpit-prod.ad_hoc.20230522_mw_BHT
	- [ ] Fix logging so it's logging in the correct place scan.py line 227. The start time should probably be different.
	- [ ] Follow up on gcp certifications document
	- [ ] Field information is empty. 
	- [ ] React on logs?
	- [ ] Add pii table reference in terraform 
	 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
	- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives
- [ ] Question:
	 - [ ] How is the pubsub messages consumed. Can they consume more although porcessing a callback. Can the load be uneven so only one batch job consume the last messages.

---

# 📝 Notes

 Xuelei seems to have trouble to detect what causing issues with Lineage. Probably this can be hard since there are more changes. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

