---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-12-09 11:02
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, December 09, 2024

<< [[2024-12-08-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-12-10-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Check if the correct non pii is joined to PII
- [ ] Work on the anonymizatoin personalization id
- [ ] Check current branching strategy and propose new branch strategy
- [ ] Prepare topic for disaster recovery
- [ ] Book meeting to discuss disaster recovery and incident handling - Follow up on Wednesday - Waiting 
- [ ] Should I add some exception handling?
- [ ] Prepare for disaster recovery
	- [ ] Do we need to change retention time
- [ ] Add documentation regarding setting JAVA_HOME
- [ ] Add documentation on how access should be given
- [ ] **What happens if we have multiple entity ids that are the same?**
- [ ] Write feedback
	- [ ] Gustav
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Follow up on the usage of the data vault package
	- [ ] We need to create a scope for PII types which can conflcit with each other. What happens if for TM5 and TM6 we have the same value?
	 - [ ] Create a group for handling sensitive data
	- [ ] Update documentation in confluence responding to the comments
	- [ ] Create group to acccss the token vault
	- [ ] Guarantee token isn't regenerated by creating a old token tables
	- [ ] Write feedback - Thursday
		- [ ] Eric
		- [ ] Undion

---

# 📝 Notes

Use analytical data in operational systems Operational Analytics

Hello 
I'm working on a project to develop a CO2 emissions tracker for transport buyers. We need to create a data platform that not ONLY can collect, process and analyze data but also expose the data to transport buyers through an app. Given the slightly different emphasis from a normal data platform with extra focus on data quality and low latency, I'm seeking insights from those with experience in similar projects.


At elain we're developing a CO2 emissions tracker for transport buyers and need to build a data platform that not only collects, processes, and analyzes data, but also makes it available through an app. Because this project emphasizes data quality and low latency beyond what a typical data platform might require, we're looking for insights from anyone who has tackled similar challenges.

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

