---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-06-25 14:15
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, June 25, 2024

<< [[2024-06-24-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-06-26-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] Create benchmark document with questions and requirements
	- [ ] Create ADR document for data privacy solution
	- [ ] Check response Y and V  for additional questions Piiano
	- [ ] Check response about load testing
- [ ] Waiting
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write to FI about movement - Sent
		- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resource
	- [ ] Write to Yevgen introducing Karolin as a UI/UX designer - waiting to get input
- [ ] DATA PRIVACY considerations 
	- [ ] Need to add checks to see that we're not caching calls to udf
	- [ ] What happens if we create the token at the same time as we reuse it? I suppose we only create one since we're deduplicating?
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Pii in unity catalog - Create a [warning](https://medium.com/@andrewpweaver/identifying-and-tagging-pii-data-with-unity-catalog-870522f25730)
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] How is policies mapped to user attributes?
	- [ ] Follow up with DPO
	- [ ] Show PIIano sandbox
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
		- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)

---

# 📝 Notes

**Todos**
Valentina will have a look at
[Unanswered](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:1b0ecd96cda74d20bf8bbcd2848b9f2c@thread.v2/1719238080638?context=%7B%22contextType%22%3A%22chat%22%7D) questions from meeting with Piiano and questions regarding scaling  [Hugo Bohlin Willfors: 🌟 As for 💰pricing💰 for Piiano We need to provide additional...](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:1b0ecd96cda74d20bf8bbcd2848b9f2c@thread.v2/1719238092424?context=%7B%22contextType%22%3A%22chat%22%7D)

### Conduct a benchmark for current solution and custom built tokenization
### Create an ADR similar to [Mancinelli, Valentina (VI) (External): https://vorwerkproducts.atlassian.net/wiki/...](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:meeting_YTI2ODQ1MWYtZWJkYi00YTViLTk0MjYtNDc1MzhiYWQ5ODhj@thread.v2/1719316313265?context=%7B%22contextType%22%3A%22chat%22%7D)
The document will outline the objectives and compare pros and cons of tokenization vs non tokenization. The document will also includes the benchmark between the different solutions and will also include a decision matrix comparing the different vendors and the custom built tokenization solution. 


sent on 25 June 2024 13:51 . Valentina also had another document she wanted to reference.  


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

