---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-06-24 09:30
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, June 24, 2024

<< [[2024-06-23-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-06-25-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
		- [x] Book meeting Valnetina recurring ✅ 2024-06-24
		- [x] Reschedule meeting Eric - Written ✅ 2024-06-24
	- [x] Make a comparison for Piiano - then it will be ovious what is missing ✅ 2024-06-24
	- [ ] Check response Y and V  for additional questions Piiano
	- [x] Make a drawing of attribue based access control - Send to Valentina ✅ 2024-06-24
	- [x] Look into how much is left to be done of homebrew and try to give time estimation ✅ 2024-06-24
	- [ ] Check response about load testing
- [ ] Waiting
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write feedback to Eric
	- [ ] Write to FI about movement
		- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resource
	- [ ] Write to Yevgen introducing Karolin as a UI/UX designer
- [ ] DATA PRIVACY considerations 
	- [ ] Need to add checks to see that we're not caching calls to udf
	- [ ] What happens if we create the token at the same time as we reuse it? I suppose we only create one since we're deduplicating?
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Pii in unity catalog - Create a [warning](https://medium.com/@andrewpweaver/identifying-and-tagging-pii-data-with-unity-catalog-870522f25730)
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] How is policies mapped to user attributes?
	- [ ] Follow up with DPO
	- [ ] Show PIIano sandbox
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
		- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)

---

# 📝 Notes
- RTBF: I suspect that the RTBF request works similarly to Skyflow where you forget based on a Id. Might be interesting to understand how they deal with consistent tokens when it comes to RTBF request.
- IAM and Data access: Seems to be similar like skyflow where a mapping needs to be maintained
**Additional information where we'd need additional input to get answers to**
 - What are there customer base
- What are there partnerships
- What are there contract duration

As for pricing for Piiano, we need to provide the following information:

### Amount of stored records (number of users + number of objects and fields per user)
5 - 10 million users
Fields: 
- Email
- Dcid 
- SNR
- (Name?)
- (Location?)
- (Age?)

### SaaS vs. Self-hosted
We would like to get a pricing for both. 

### Do you need cross-region replication? We run on a single region in two availability zones by default. 
I assume that we don't need that, but do we want to get their perspective on why we might want to have it?    

### Requests per second (RPS) and usage pattern (e.g., consistent 5 RPS vs. a daily spike of 1 hour of 500 RPS)  
Need input
	
Do we have any other special additional requirements?

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

