---
created: 2024-07-08 13:56
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, July 08, 2024

<< [[2024-07-07-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-07-09-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
- Look into how data is deleted in Databricks? Does it truly gets deleted 
	- [ ] Sensor analysis - Do analysis on small dataset
	- [ ] Talk with Valentina about the problem of prolongation - follow up with julian
	- [x] Remove databricks instance ✅ 2024-07-08
	- [x] Book meeting with Julian to discuss future outlook ✅ 2024-07-08
	- [ ] Create benchmark document with questions and requirements
	- [ ] Check response Y and V  for additional questions Piiano
	- [ ] Check response about load testing
- [ ] Waiting
	- [ ] Create ADR document for data privacy solution
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Book a meeting to discuss coop AI situation
	- [ ] Prepare for mentor meeting
	- [ ] Write to FI about movement - Follow up meeting
		- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resource
	- [ ] Write to Yevgen introducing Karolin as a UI/UX designer - waiting to get input
- [ ] DATA PRIVACY considerations 
	- [ ] Need to add checks to see that we're not caching calls to udf
	- [ ] What happens if we create the token at the same time as we reuse it? I suppose we only create one since we're deduplicating?
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Pii in unity catalog - Create a [warning](https://medium.com/@andrewpweaver/identifying-and-tagging-pii-data-with-unity-catalog-870522f25730)
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] How is policies mapped to user attributes?
	- [ ] Follow up with DPO
	- [ ] Show PIIano sandbox
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
		- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)

---

# 📝 Notes
- 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

