---
created: 2024-05-20 11:05
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, May 20, 2024

<< [[2024-05-19-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-05-21-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] Finalize DPO document
	- [ ] Write feedback
	- [ ] Book recurring meeting Yevgen
	- [ ] Inform Yevgen about vacation
	- [ ] Book meeting Yevgen Mathias MDM
- [ ] DATA PRIVACY considerations 
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Pii in unity catalog - Create a [warning](https://medium.com/@andrewpweaver/identifying-and-tagging-pii-data-with-unity-catalog-870522f25730)
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resources
	- [ ] Skriv till Laruenz DC Abdel och snacka om fortsatt format
	 - [ ] 2. Förebered LAF - Who to request feedback from and who to write to. 
	 - [ ] Skriv feedback Karolin!
	- [ ] Follow up with Josefin wellness
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] Skriv till Mathias för att fråga om tisdagen! Waiting resposne
	- [ ] Compare build vs buy
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
	- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
- 

#data-privacy
#Acceptable-usage-policy
https://usercentrics.com/knowledge-hub/what-is-the-best-protection-method-for-sharing-pii/
Organizations need strong, clear policies to determine:

- what PII they need
- how they collect it
- how PII is stored, accessed, and shared
- if consent is needed to collect PII and how it is obtained
- who can access what PII and how
- what are the acceptable uses of PII
- how is unauthorized access or use of PII dealt with
- how is PII disposed of when no longer needed
- how often are audits and security reviews done and with what parameters
- who is responsible for PII security and use

Policies and procedures should cover both employee onboarding and offboarding as well as their authorizations while working for the organization. It is important to securely shut down access for accounts that are no longer needed, e.g. if an employee leaves the organization.

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

