---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-02-23 13:03
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, February 23, 2024

<< [[2024-02-22-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-02-24-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [x] Make anonymization readable ✅ 2024-02-21
	- [x] Create integration test for deletion process ✅ 2024-02-21
	- [x] Create unit test for anonymization and deanonymization ✅ 2024-02-21
	- [x] Create unit test for deanonymizatoin ✅ 2024-02-21
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write a post to become DC
	- [ ] Add expenses
	- [ ] Extend the resource group autokill
	- [x] Book meeting for mental health ✅ 2024-01-29
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [!] Follow up on questions business planning 
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Create screen recording and ad information to the ADR document. Add drawbacks with tokenization. Add comparison between tables approach vs cache.
	- [ ] Check alternative solution with rest api
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
#pietro
#vorwerk
#on-prem

- Scrambling data 
- How does consent changes
- How do we handle right to be forgotten?
- Ask for a dump of data
- Do we track age?

Data access 
Only part of data might be visible and 	
Rules for scrambling are country specific. 
Which company a customer belong before you apply some rule? 
First step is to identify to which a country belongs to. 

Cookiedoo: Payment data is used as an identifier  
SAP for gemany and transaction data? 

Scrambled data: 

More reialble if we can use SN.
Email is being scrambled
Data is coming scrambled in ERP systems. We get the data that is partially scrambled. 

DCID Customer ERP mapping table
SN is more reliable since you can use it better to stitch 


--- 
# Meeting Valentina 
#valentina
#snowplow
Start to collect behavioural data in the new Data Platform. 
Storing with DCID is heavy for compliant. 
Additional plus since we need to buy external solution from snowplow.  


--- 
# Meeting Omar 
#data-product-canvas
Payments team
Write a contract where I sign of from the VP. 
VP of platforms from payments. 

Want a second pair of eyes. 
Team complaining is not the consuming. 
Data analytics are complaining about incorrect data. 


Events that broke schemas.   
Change and incident management



---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

