---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-11-04 09:18
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, November 04, 2024

<< [[2024-11-03-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-11-05-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
 - [x] Boka tid för data vault synk ✅ 2024-11-06
 - [ ] Add documenation on what identity is
 - [ ] Add pii type in join
 - [ ] Remove data type
- [ ] Write feedback
	- [x] Laurenz - in progress ✅ 2024-11-04
	- [x] Peter ✅ 2024-11-04
	- [ ] Send feedback Peter
- [ ] Collect feedback
	- [x] Mathias ✅ 2024-11-04
- [ ] Registrera friskvårdsbidrag
- [ ] Guarantee token isn't regenerated by creating a old token tables
- [ ] Review developer agreement
- [ ] Write feedback - Thursday
	- [ ] Eric
	- [ ] Gustav
	- [ ] Undion

---

# 📝 Notes
CICD 
AWS 
Infrastructure
python 
go
SAS lösningar
Conceptutveckling 
Sätta upp platform
Way of working 
Bygga saker för scratch 
Cross functional communication
Åkeri är slutkund? HM kan vara slutkund? 


CV CDP 

I collaborated closely with stakeholders, data engineers, IT security, and compliance teams to align on objectives and technical implementations. I communicated complex technical concepts in simple terms to non-technical stakeholders, ensuring everyone was on the same page. 
I also provided training and support to team members to help them use the new systems effectively.


The goal of the project was to bring together data from different systems to create a complete 360-degree view of each customer while ensuring data governance, privacy, and compliance to be able to cross and upsell. 

Hugo came in as a data architect with responsability to architect a system that would integrate with different data sources such as on prem transaction databases, CRM, Marketing, ERP and other data warehouses to collect users data. Furthermore he designed the transformation layer and how the data would be used in the consuming systems. 


I led the initiative to ensure GDPR compliance by planning and implementing tokenization techniques to protect sensitive customer data. By replacing personal identifiers with tokens, we minimized the exposure of actual data and reduced the risk of unauthorized access. This approach allowed us to securely handle customer information without compromising privacy. I communicated complex technical concepts in simple terms to non-technical stakeholders, ensuring everyone was on the same page. I also provided training and support to team members to help them use the new systems effectively. Additionally, we established protocols for customer rights like data deletion, ensuring we could promptly remove data upon request in accordance with GDPR requirements


---

The goal of the project was to create a comprehensive 360-degree view of each customer for personalized marketing  while ensure staying compliant with GDPR.

   As the data architect, Hugo was responsible for designing a system that integrated various data sources, including on-premises transaction databases, CRM systems, marketing platforms, ERP systems, and other data warehouses, to collect user data. He also designed the transformation layer and planned how the data would be utilized in the consuming systems.

To ensure GDPR compliance, Hugo also led the initiative to implement tokenization techniques to protect sensitive customer data. By replacing personal identifiers with tokens, he minimized the exposure of actual data and reduced the risk of unauthorized access. This approach allowed the company to securely handle customer information without compromising privacy. Hugo worked closely with the stakeholders and engineers in the organization to ensure compliance. This also involved communicating complex technical concepts in simple terms to non-technical stakeholders, ensuring everyone understood the process. He also provided training and support to team members to help them use the new systems effectively. Additionally, he established protocols for customer rights like data deletion, ensuring the team could promptly remove data upon request in accordance with GDPR requirements.


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

