---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-11-19 09:55
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, November 19, 2024

<< [[2024-11-18-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-11-20-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Book meeting Daniel and Yefet to discuss next steps
- [ ] Prepare for groups
- [ ] How can we track the original dataset if we're passing a dataframe
- [ ] Add function to delete tokens without user id
- [ ] Need to add exception handling on RTBF, what if the token doesn't exist
- [ ] Do we need a seperate RIght to be forgotten class?  
	- [ ] ``` rtbf = RTBF(unique_user_identifier_type=DCID, token_vault )
		rtbf.forget_user(tokens, pii_type)
		```
- [ ] **What happens if we have multiple entity ids that are the same?**
- [ ] We should probably have the actual name of the PII class
- [ ] Remove delete and create from token vault and update tests
- [ ] Ask Yefet how to create groups
- [ ] Write feedback
	- [ ] Gustav
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Follow up on the usage of the data vault package
	- [ ] We need to create a scope for PII types which can conflcit with each other. What happens if for TM5 and TM6 we have the same value?
	 - [ ] Create a group for handling sensitive data
	- [ ] Update documentation in confluence responding to the comments
	- [ ] Create group to acccss the token vault
	- [ ] Guarantee token isn't regenerated by creating a old token tables
	- [ ] Write feedback - Thursday
		- [ ] Eric
		- [ ] Undion

---

# 📝 Notes

Outcomes: 
- Snowplow don't need determinstic tokens, but can use the current functionality. 
- Snowplow will need a PII type to distinguish it from other data. Currently we have implemented the usage different PIIColumns, like SerialNumber, DC ID that also have types. 
- Should all the tokens be unique? 
- TODO: Need to book meeting with Bene's team



Learning 
1on1 man är överrens innan mötet 
Har ni gjort läxan?
Om man fastnar lägger vi den som en diskussionspunkt.
Landar i 80% 
Implementations detalj vs Funktionalitet 


--- 


Att känna att vi har lagar och förordningar som finns till för att skydda oss som individer och företaget. 

Säkerhet för mig är beslutsamheten att säkerställa en hälsosam och ofarlig arbetsmiljö.

kvalitetssäkrade processer och arbetssätt. Säkerhet beror också på människors beteenden och på samspelet mellan människor, teknik och hur arbetet organiseras.

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

