---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-11-01 09:10
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, November 01, 2024

<< [[2024-10-31-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-11-02-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

- [ ] Registrera friskvårdsbidrag
- [ ] How is exception from if a user doesn't have access
- [ ] Guarantee token isn't regenerated by creating a old token tables
- [ ] Review developer agreement
- [ ] Collect feedback
- Laurenz - check
- Gustav - check
- Erik - check 
- Unidon? - check
- [ ] Julian
- [ ] Mathias
- Johanna - todo
- [ ] Write feedback
	- [ ] Laurenz - in progress
	- [ ] Eric
	- [ ] Gustav
	- [ ] Undion
---

# 📝 Notes

DC Novo
Tjena Gustav! 
Hade gärna fått lite input från dig gällande vårt DCskap.
+ Vad tycker du har fungerat bra? 
+ Vad hade kunnat hjälpt dig mer som jag kan ta med mig till nästa gång? 


Tjena Johanna! 
Det har varit toppen att ha med dig för att mappa ut "Data Privacy and Compliance".  


Clarification of determinstic tokens and non-determinstic tokens and the relation to PII tokens without association to a user id. 

Happy Friday everyone! :D 
During the last session we discussed whether it would be in scope to not only support tokens associated with a user, but also tokens that are not associated to a user. This concept links very closely to the concept of Non-determinstic Tokens and Deterministic Tokens described here. https://vorwerkproducts.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CO/pages/1312555016/Tokenization#Determinstic-and-Non-determinstic-Tokens

Determinstic token
https://vorwerkproducts.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CO/pages/1312555016/Tokenization#Determinstic-Token
Since determinstic tokens should be the same for all user it isn't associated to a user but has a "global scope".
Thus duplicate entires with for example the same serial number will have the same token eg. serial number: 1 → token: aaa
Consequently the value 1 will always map to the token aaa. This can of course be extended to have another scope specific to a PII type so the value 1 -> aaa for serial number, but 1 -> aaa for a user_id. 

Non-deterministic Token
#### Non-deterministic Token
Duplicate entires with for example the same serial number will have different tokens eg. 
serial number: 1 → token: aaa  
serial number: 1 → token: aab

Currently we haven't implemented deterministic token we haven't implemented it since our assumption was that we only need non-determinstic tokens to start with. Even for serial numbers which can be associated with multiple users we suggested to use non deterministic tokens to be able to completely forget a user. If using deterministic tokens even if even if we forget user 1 by removing the mapping between 1 → aaa there is still a mapping aaa ←→ 2. So the original value of the serial number for user 1, that has been forgotten, would still be retrieveable.  

However this was only our assumption and therefore it could still be discussed for the current columns in scope https://vorwerkproducts.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CO/pages/1313767496/Vault+Requirements#PII-Columns, but also if this is a functionality that we want to have as well. 







---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

