---
created: 2023-06-30 09:03
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, June 30, 2023

<< [[2023-06-29-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-07-01-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [x] Verify PII glossary terms work
	- [/] Fix casing when matching fields
	- [/]  Temporary tables should be excluded
	- [x] When fixing the filtering of temporary tables I noticed an error. We're comparing string with dates. Seems to be related to latest change of int overflow.. ✅ 2023-06-29
	 - [x] Verify that glossary is ingested properly.
		 - Check logs - 
			 - 582 has schema missing seems to be coming from sharded tables
			 - Fields not ingested is due to 119 error if not account for schema missing:
				 - Fields have changed name - a lot of modeling seems to have added a data struct recently. 
				 - Dataset doesn't exist? 
					- Seems to be due to pii more recent than dataset ingestion	 
				- sharded tables
		 - Check ingested terms - 9k ingested. Seems reasonable!  

 - [ ] Ask Dieter about how ANU register - waiting @(2023-06-03 11:00)
1. [ ] Check Pasha's PR 
		- How long is the longest string? What happens if there are no spaces? For instance {hugo}
1. Check glossary terms ingested
2.  [ ] Fix shards - Sharded table need to have the same notation as datahub table_20120410 -> table. Need to change in domains/owners as well as when writing pii results.
3. Add pii table reference in terraform 


After lunch 
- [ ] Connect with Pradeep on linkedin and ask how everything is going and if he'd like to schedule a meeting with MMS
- [ ] Check data mesh monthly
- [ ] Create beer event

**Other**
	- [ ] Get summer ticket
 
- [ ] React on logs?
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Create a prod project for alp table
	- [ ] Answer Nicolas (and message him that I'm free now?)
	- [ ] Prepare CV
	 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
	- [ ] Missing from datahub but discovered in the unnesting v135-4542-pricing-cockpit-prod.ad_hoc.20230522_mw_BHT
	 - [x] Follow up with Pasha about the alp table duplication ✅ 2023-06-20
	- [ ] Fix logging so it's logging in the correct place scan.py line 227. The start time should probably be different.
	- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives

---

# 📝 Notes
- 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

