---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-01-16 10:08
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, January 16, 2024

<< [[2024-01-15-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-17-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

	# 🔥 Todo 
- [x] Check Data portability ✅ 2024-01-17
- [ ] Read MMS proposal 09:30-10:30

- [ ] Plan next data governance steps
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] 13:00 - 13:00 Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ]  Build concept for accessing data via catalog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

 #data-quality #Valentina
 Valentina says that they have slack channel for communication with 
 Document issues in confluence. 
 Link to open and closed 
 Hope that we can have description, comments, link to jira. 
Bank worked Palantir 
Foundry predessesor to Databirkcs 
Available page to show distribution, value range for column. 

Gamify data 

Better to have a dataset in databricks for data vault, might be more performant. 

Two use cases: 
- Data scientists and analytics within the platform.  
- Extenral systems or the app need to access: Adobe campaing or emarsys. 


---

We found a cloud engineer setting Databricks up 
Yevgen can't wait anymore. They override his budget. 
I reached out to a supplier. 


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

