---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-01-30 16:08
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, January 30, 2024

<< [[2024-01-29-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-31-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] Book meeting Yevgen - Waiting
	- [ ] Decide on dates for visit Zurich - Waiting. Could be better to book it on Monday the following week.
	- [x] Make an instructive notebook or miro board. ✅ 2024-01-30
	- [ ] Check master data mangaement
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [x] Book meeting for mental health ✅ 2024-01-29
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Follow up data meeting
	- [ ] Add some cons to tokenization 15:00-15:15
	- [ ] Create a Kanban board with topics 
	 - [ ] Why do they have to delete DCID? Isn't that just a pseudoanonymized token
	 - [ ]  Build concept for accessing data via catalog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
-  Involve people that aren't involved. Makes Yevgen angry. 
- Fully submerge into the interface topics. 
- We can look into Emarsys topic.
- Product master data management, data master management. SAP/CDP/Databricks. 
- Master data management might swamp Yevgen and other colleagues. It's part of what we want to .
- Lifecycle of a customer - what is 
- Yevgen don't want to do the master data management. 
- You cannot ensure the same data quality. How do you manage customer identity. Who is the customer? What's the lifecycle? 
- What are the benefits and drawbacks? 
- Valentina and Benedikt don't have experience with it. z
- Inconsistencies processes for handling customer data. 
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

