---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-01-26 10:41
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, January 26, 2024

<< [[2024-01-25-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-27-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	 - [ ] Start work on the technical details of the data tokenization 09:20-12:00
	- [ ] Decide on dates for visit Zurich
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Book meeting for mental health
	- [ ] Write about data meetup! 14:00
	- [x] Fråga Julian om betalt för boende och liknande om jag kommer til Zurich ✅ 2024-01-24
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Add some cons to tokenization 15:00-15:15
	- [ ] Create a Kanban board with topics 
	 - [ ] Why do they have to delete DCID? Isn't that just a pseudoanonymized token
	 - [ ]  Build concept for accessing data via catalog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

Martin - joined python aws big data 5 months ago. software architect responsible. 
Johannes - Data scientist. Infra layer. 
Steve - How can we share data across teams. Data mesh approach. 

Martin: 
## How do you figure out what data is private or not? 
- Email can be connected to PII. 

We're not storing client number. Without also have an app and there they use customer data. 
Through that data point can they con
Customer number out of the data lake. 
What do we need to use the data for? 
Who does what with this data? 

Same company? Yes. 
Need to read the privacy 
As long as it isn't deductible. 

Later add same to the person. 

Contract vs consent.
If they have accept terms of use. 
Terms of service is stronger as a contract and .
6 reasons.

Any company that want to reuse the data in new ways.
Send out a new privacy policy. 

Alla som har PII utbildas inom. PII. De behöver gå en kurs.  
Ledger: Har ett frågeformulär som de ska fråga för att veta vilka de ska man ge access till.  
Koppla varje request access till PII till era ropa entires (record of processing activity).  
Kopplar access till juridiskt dokument, där man samlar sina right of processing. En användare får klicka in vilket typ av access man behöver vilken anledning man har till access. Gäller bara för person data

Data lakes. 
Collection of all the status messages. 
Connecting charging data,  EVRP data 

We gather information to locate the car and give service how far are you in 
Can add in the privacy policy that we need to aggregation. Goes into legitimate interest. 

usb drives. 
Usually don't getting fine for spot test of downloading data. 
Have their specific laws. 

## 

- 
- 

- Pseudo(Anonymization)
- Right to be forgotten
- Data retention
- Data portability
- Data access (and access policies for PII)
- Data taxonomy


WAZZUP Data Champs!  

:datameetup2:   Next Thursday, on February 1, Gustavo (@gustavosswald) and I were thinking it would be awesome to get together, grab some food, and enjoy some drinks – all in the spirit of getting to know each other better! 🍻

No formal agenda, just a laid-back evening connecting with the awesome folks in our data sphere. 

Who's up for it? Drop a 🙌 if you're interested, and we'll make sure to snag a reservation so we can all hang out together.

Next Thursday, the February 1 me and @gustavosswald thought it be great to get together and go out and have some food and drinks getting to know each other! There is not real agend just getting to know people in the data spehere better. Raise your hand if you wanna join and we can make sure to make a reservation beforehand.

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

