---
created: 2023-11-27 10:28
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, November 27, 2023

<< [[2023-11-26-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-11-28-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Can we use Spark streaming with CDC?
- [ ] What kind of measures do we need to account for when securing multi cloud ingestion
- [ ] Check if CDC is disadvantagous if data is updated daily.
- [x] Read https://seattledataguy.substack.com/p/what-is-change-data-capture ✅ 2023-11-27
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Create a data and dumplings website
	- [ ] Reach out to Klarna to setup a meeting - Gunnar Tångring
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative

---

# 📝 Notes
- 

Tjena Mathias!  
Hur har helgen varit? 

Lite uppdateringar från uppdraget.  Vi har valt att för första delivery zooma in på Data ingestion och Data privacy. 

För Data ingestion så ska CRM, Marketing, ERP data från SQL Server samt tracking och recept data från AWS Databricks ingestas till Azure Databricks. I samband med ingestion kollar vi även på en process för pseudonymization och right to be forgotten.

Hade gärna bollat med dig följande:
- Jämförelse mellan olika sätt att ingesta data
- Yevgen har väldigt lite tid, så hade gärna diskutera hur man kan tackla det. 
- Scope och strategy för delivery 


---
`SQL Server Integration (to Azure)` `CDC vs other ingestion patterns` 

At my current assignment I'm looking into integrating data from an on-prem SQL Server to Azure.  I'm currently evaluating the tradeoffs between different ingestion patterns such as **Snapshot** and **Incremental Refresh**. I'm still much in favour of using CDC because of the following reasons:  

- It enables faster and more accurate decisions based on the most current data; for example, by feeding database transactions to streaming analytics applications.
- It minimizes disruptions to production workloads.
- It reduces the cost of transferring data over the wide area network (WAN) by sending only incremental changes.
- It can detect Deletes in source database
- It is more efficient than other database replication methods since only data changes after the previous replication are synced.  

Normally I'd argue that the downside of CDC might be maintaining and scaling infrastructure, but in this case I'm considering **Azure Data Factory** which is a fully managed service. 

I know that this could depend on contextual things like data volume, data velocity. In most of the cases I can think of CDC still feels like the superior way of integrating data to Azure. 

What are your opinions? Any additional aspect that you'd consider?   


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

