---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-06-19 09:24
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, June 19, 2023

<< [[2023-06-18-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-06-20-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

**Daily**
- Prepared presentation 
- Presentation ingestion of Datahub, but we ended up focusing more high level what a Data Catalog is and what Datahub is. 

- [x] Prepare presentation ✅ 2023-06-20

 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
- [ ] Missing from datahub but discovered in the unnesting v135-4542-pricing-cockpit-prod.ad_hoc.20230522_mw_BHT
 - [ ] Maybe we need to change this to 0.10.2 in staging as well. Think this was merged to staging. 	managed_ingestion: 		enabled: true 		defaultCliVersion: "0.10.0"
 - [ ] Follow up with Pasha about the alp table duplication
- [ ] Merge same change to master that was done for staging removing confluent registry
- [ ] Fix logging so it's logging in the correct place scan.py line 227. The start time should probably be different.
- [ ] PII can use lineage and it can be reduced dramitcally
- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives

---

# 📝 Notes
#pii-scanner 

**PII Presentation** 

Christina: Difference between data in BigQuery. Big data lake would be GCP in general? 
A lot of questions about what data is stored in GCP and difference between operational and analytical.

Questions about if we can find which source system if we only. 

Do we know which types we have a lot of positives and which one we don't? Some might be more severe to have? 

Need context as column names.

Pattern between name and address? Could be interesting if there are some connections? 

Question: 
Why do they load all data from operational. From data protection you always need a purpose. We need to know why data is loaded and retention periods. Can we delete data?   

Do we know the data owners? Yes, we can know if? 
Because then we can send a questionnaire to find the purposes? 

David Ohlenroth Next steps: Optimize detection, include more PII types and what we can do when we detect PII? 

How to integrate the PII Scanner in the data analysis. 400 apps about which data that are stored there. 

No PII should be stored in GCP, but we can analyse if it's really needed for querying. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

