---
created: 2024-06-04 08:58
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, June 04, 2024

<< [[2024-06-03-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-06-05-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [x] Check PIIano product ✅ 2024-06-04
	- [ ] What happens if we create the token at the same time as we reuse it? I suppose we only create one since we're deduplicating?
	- [ ] Prepare material for setting up meeting with vendors. What do we need to know? Ask Yevgen
	- [ ] Follow up with DPO
	- [ ] Check with V if we need to have serial number. Othwerise we might skio the conversatoin for how to hadnle it
		- [ ] Look into column and row level security
	- [ ] Make an example for determinsitc tokens
	- [ ] Show PIIano sandbox
- [ ] Waiting
	- [x] Check access databricks ✅ 2024-06-04
		- [x] Still no access ✅ 2024-06-04
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write feedback Karolin
	- [x] Kolla möte med Gustav mentor ✅ 2024-06-04
	- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resources
	- [ ] Skriv till Laruenz DC Abdel och snacka om fortsatt format
- [ ] DATA PRIVACY considerations 
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Pii in unity catalog - Create a [warning](https://medium.com/@andrewpweaver/identifying-and-tagging-pii-data-with-unity-catalog-870522f25730)
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
		- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
- 


Needed for first join
- token scope = "email"
- Deterministic = True

Needed for generation
- token scope = "email"
- Deterministic = True
- pii type = email
- anonymizer = uuid()


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

