---
created: 2024-06-17 08:46
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, June 17, 2024

<< [[2024-06-16-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-06-18-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [x] What is hubspot - it's a CRM software ✅ 2024-06-17
	- [ ] Write a summary from Friday
	- [ ] Look into how much is left to be done of homebrew and try to give time estimation
	- [ ] Make a vendor comparison - construct excel sheet and start rating
		- collect points to compare 
	- [ ] Check response about load testing
	- [ ] Check with Valentina if she has reached out to Julian
- [ ] Waiting
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write to FI about movement
	- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resources
- [ ] DATA PRIVACY considerations 
	- [ ] Need to add checks to see that we're not caching calls to udf
	- [ ] What happens if we create the token at the same time as we reuse it? I suppose we only create one since we're deduplicating?
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Pii in unity catalog - Create a [warning](https://medium.com/@andrewpweaver/identifying-and-tagging-pii-data-with-unity-catalog-870522f25730)
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] How is policies mapped to user attributes?
	- [ ] Follow up with DPO
	- [ ] Show PIIano sandbox
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
		- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)

---

# 📝 Notes

Happy Monday team and hope you had a lovely weekend! 

**Document with notes from the meeting and relevant vendor documentation**
https://vorwerkholding.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/teams/DatabricksEval/Shared%20Documents/General/Data%20privacy/Pseudoanonymization/Vendors/Skyflow/Skyflow.docx?d=w3de335bb89884f2a90a7c6deb7e79e83&csf=1&web=1&e=uIiW7V

**Questions to ask Skyflow in the next meeting** 
- How do we treat identifies. 
	- There are multiple types of users/identities like CDC and Cookiedoo. How does this affect schemas and pricing?  
- Does hybrid cloud influence cost?

**Decision matrix**
I’ve put together a draft of a decision matrix to help us weigh our options with potential vendors. I’ve also included a “priority column” in the matrix so we can assign weights to the importance of each criterion we’re comparing. Just like “poker planning,” I assume the key benefit lies in discussing these priorities and identifying any discrepancies in our views on what’s most important.

https://vorwerkholding.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/teams/DatabricksEval/Shared%20Documents/General/Data%20privacy/Pseudoanonymization/Vendor%20Comparison%20Decision%20Matrix.xlsx?d=wc9932a47bfb74910b640bd6f5c5c3b39&csf=1&web=1&e=ckTdz8

**Additional topics which might be interested to take action on:** 
- Understand if a data privacy service would be valuable for other team. 
- Exercise risk of having the current approach

**Insights for getting approval of PII vendor solution**
It's more likely that we can get approval to invest in a data anonymization service if we can reach higher PII - if more systems can use it. Might be rejected if there's only one use case for anonymizaiton.  The recent Snowflake data breach could be used as an another argument to make sure to secure PII data. 


**Action points** 
- High level estimation to compare our own solution. Make sure to add cost for own development for vendor solution
- Yevgen will talk to his manager (Alex?)

Could you take a look and let me know:
• Are we missing any key criteria?
• Any points we should drop?
• Does the priority column make sense, or should we tweak it?

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

