---
created: 2024-06-14 09:30
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, June 14, 2024

<< [[2024-06-13-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-06-15-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] What is hubspot
	- [ ] How is policies mapped to user attributes?
	- [ ] Look into how much is left to be done of homebrew and try to give time estimation
	- [ ] Make a vendor comparison - construct excel sheet and start rating
		- collect points to compare 
	- [ ] Check response about load testing
- [ ] Waiting
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write to FI about movement
	- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resources
- [ ] DATA PRIVACY considerations 
	- [ ] Need to add checks to see that we're not caching calls to udf
	- [ ] What happens if we create the token at the same time as we reuse it? I suppose we only create one since we're deduplicating?
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Pii in unity catalog - Create a [warning](https://medium.com/@andrewpweaver/identifying-and-tagging-pii-data-with-unity-catalog-870522f25730)
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Follow up with DPO
	- [ ] Show PIIano sandbox
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
		- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)

---

# 📝 Notes


It's more likely that we can get approval to invest in a data anonymization service if we can reach higher PII - if more systems can use it. Might be rejected if there's only one use case for anonymizaiton. 

The recent Snowflake data breach could be used as an another argument to make sure to secure PII data. 

Questions to ask Skyflow in the next meeting: 
- How do we treat identifies. 
	- There are multiple types of users/identities like CDC and Cookiedoo. How does this affect schemas and pricing?  
- Does hybrid cloud influence cost?

To be done: 
- High level estimation compare our own solution.  Make sure to add cost for own development for vendor solution
- Yevgen will talk to his manager (Alex?)

These points were also discussed during the meeting and might be interested to take action on 
- Understand if a data privacy service would be valuable for other team. 
- Exercise risk of having the current approach

---

 It would be great if the other systems can use it. 
Make sense to invest if we can reach higher PII. 
Might be rejected for one use case. 
Do we need to integrate in wider scope? 
How do integrate 
Yevgen will talk to Alex Schuller -> Yevgen's boss.  
Snowflake got data breaches. 
Don't need to update laws. 
Don't see that something within this year. Full compliance 2027 for example. 

Google analytics is not compliant since it's in the US. They need to write it to bq and hash it. 

We need to sell depending on price and operations. 


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

