---
created: 2024-08-29 16:17
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, August 29, 2024

<< [[2024-08-28-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-08-30-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

---

# 📝 Notes

Sales data - CRM - scrambled 
cookiedoo data - also deletes the data in
how to propagate the decision - we won't tokenize the data 
not shared for the analytical data
To be clarified - how to connect platforms and how to send data. 

snowplow - atm we don't need it. 
Can't ingest the tracking data. 
timeline - 
main goals for Valentina - 

DS360 not only timeline. What are the dependency? 
At the end of the stage? 

Stakeholder 
DPO, Aneta

# Additional input from Aneta 
Benedikt didn't treat PII data
How do we treat RTBF 

## Next steps 
Show the tokenization? 

Coordination is needed on how data is shared between Datahub and DS360 and how RTBF request is propagated from Datahub to DS360.  

There should be a priority between the objects. RTBF has highest priority. 

There will be an opportunity to discuss these topics during the Colocation. 

Can see details described in
https://vorwerkproducts.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIDXF/pages/1200849255/PII+Handler

# Timeline


- Datahub: No pressure in regards to timeline. 
- DS360: Bene also mentioned that we only have developer until end of year. 
- Snowplow: Don't need a way to handle RTBF currently, but the goal is to be able to include additional PII columns 

Next steps: 
- Set up a meeting with Gregor to discuss if there are any recommended approaches for managing PII data on Databricks. Driver: Barry
- Setup a meeting with Aneta Podsiadla (DPO) to discuss 
- Introduction with Jan to current tokenization solution. Driver: Hugo 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

