---
created: 2024-01-15 09:53
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, January 15, 2024

<< [[2024-01-14-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-16-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

 Vw
- [ ] Check Data portability
- [ ] Plan next data governance steps
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] 13:00 - 13:00 Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ]  Build concept for accessing data via catalog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?


---

# 📝 Notes

Wednesday 11-12, 16-17
Thursday 14-18
Friday 15-16 

1 February 

**Pitch 22 February**

Need to talk to Julian - wanted to outline the data.
High level:
**Data governance**
- Anonymization 
- 

Another topic in between. Arhcitecural topic. If we want to launch Data bricks 

Purchase are asking databricks:
- How much expenditure? 

If you have azure agreement cloud. 
Read in a medium article that you can setup workspaces. What kind of minimal governance. Different worksapces for different spaces. 

Is it different in a production system? 
What should we setup from the beginnning in databricks if we get a new development team? Recommendation on how to set it up? 

**Development team:** 
The setup will be done from our IT side. 
Setup infrastructure properly. 
Data engineers and Networks

Follow up in the afternoon. 

RFP for a selected partner.  Vorwerk is seeking for partners. 

Accuracy, consiseted 

To have a confidence to say we want to produce Databricks.

Do you need to do something to enable it in marketplace. 

Biggest help. 
- How to setup Databricks. 
- Start with Pietro. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

