---
created: 2024-01-19 10:40
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, January 19, 2024

<< [[2024-01-18-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-20-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [x] Finish setting up Databricks ✅ 2024-01-19
	- [ ] Write a document for Yevgen's meeting on Monday
		 + Do we need to do sync of AD groups.
	- [ ] Create a Kanban board with topics
	- [ ] Organize Miro
	 - [ ] Start work on the tecnical details of the data tokenization
	- [x] Look into how to create data lifecycle policies ✅ 2024-01-18
	- [x] Update flow for how PII data flow through AWS and Azure ✅ 2024-01-18
	 - [ ] Why do they have to delete DCID? Isn't that just a pseudoanonymized token
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ]  Build concept for accessing data via catalog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
- 
---
# Meeting Data tokenization 
#meeting #data-tokenization #Bene

Might be usable for Cozy (cooky system, cookido thermomix) and potential sensitive data. 
Not on our plate for this stage but next stage. They gonna use it in April.  
We can't use this in may june.

---
# Meeting Yevgen
#meeting #Yevgen

- Align on outcome from Bene's meeting - How should we prioritise tokenization. They'd need it in April if they're gonna use it.  
- Discuss document for setup in Databricks
- Check if Data portability and Data retention should be prioritzed: 
	- Already asked Valentina about retention and portability.  
	- Reach out to DPO about Data retention. 
 - Propose workshop 7-8. 
- Roadmap: 

**Next steps:** 
- Need to decide if we synchronising or not.


Sit two hours with DPO make more sense. 
Will have 2 people. 

Julian: 
	- How do you handle cost for accommodation?  

Architecture decision (ADR draft) 
How can it be tackled? 
Write assumptions. 

---

Complexity about transformations. 
Data quality for sales are bad. 
Need to redevelop for every market. 
Came from VP level and he said that they need to push it. 
Enrolled to data camp courses. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

