---
created: 2024-01-25 09:07
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, January 25, 2024

<< [[2024-01-24-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-26-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	 - [x] Is TLS enough for data in transit? - **End-to-end TLS encryption** from client to server to storage account ✅ 2024-01-26
	 - [ ] Start work on the technical details of the data tokenization 09:20-12:00
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Book meeting for mental health
	- [ ] Write about data meetup!
	- [x] Fråga Julian om betalt för boende och liknande om jag kommer til Zurich ✅ 2024-01-24
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Add some cons to tokenization 15:00-15:15
	- [ ] Create a Kanban board with topics 
	 - [ ] Why do they have to delete DCID? Isn't that just a pseudoanonymized token
	 - [ ]  Build concept for accessing data via catalog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
Presentation i 
CGI consultancy 
So many tools, even for different companies. Has the optimize.  
Liked that they used scenario planning
procurement need to follow standard. 
Internalize data architect.  Someone in IT.


Mindfullness 

1. Tuesday - 08:30-09:00
2. Tuesday - 15:00-15:30
3.  Wednesday - 08:30-09:00
4. Wednesday - 15:00-15:30
5. Friday - 08:30-09:00
6. Friday - 16:00-16:30

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

