---
created: 2024-01-12 10:09
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, January 12, 2024

<< [[2024-01-11-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-13-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

---

# 📝 Notes

 Device would call for the consent decision. 
 We didn't separate the data. The streams are separated. 

One bucket for errors and device is one stream.
Personalization is another stream.

Do we need to store personal information since we don't have use cases? Ip address, serial number, we can collect but should we? The IP will only be used to derive geo location. Hashed serial number. All the ids. 
Resolution? Not precis location, No postal code. Region.
Types of recipes are cooked where. Send invites cooking classes.   
IP address is better since it's not enough to know where it was bought. 
TM6 and Cosy is location.
Yevgen: Location should be enough
DS360: We need to remove if it's 

Use the tokenization for serial number, introduce to Benedikt. Usagebox data and, connected devices and utensiles. 
Mechanism for removing PII data. We never store email. 

Cannot incorporate Hugo in DS360. 

It doesn't need to be implementing now. We don't have the complexity for the team if I can support the technical team. 

### Data portability 
Huge query for DCID and email. Not many requests. 
It would be good in general to have the concepts of tagging and GDPR. Customer data, behavioural data.

### Data tagging 

We don't have a global catalog. Metadata would be an important data. Materialize. Databricks unity catalog. Share catalog aligned. 

Usage data. id for recipes that is created by the customer. If you need that data.

### Data vault 
	Databricks concept for data vault§§


- Workshop? 
- Vad förväntas platformen användas till? 
+ Soft or hard enforcement? 
Bygg en hard enforcement. 
Bygg en minimalistisk i början

Mentimeter - Var hittar vi data information? 
Governance - 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

