---
created: 2024-01-29 09:12
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, January 29, 2024

<< [[2024-01-28-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-01-30-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

- [x] Expense move ✅ 2024-01-29
- [x] Take GDPR class ✅ 2024-01-29
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] Book meeting Yevgen - Waiting
	- [ ] Decide on dates for visit Zurich - Waiting. Could be better to book it on Monday the following week.
	- [ ] Make an instructive notebook or miro board. 
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [x] Book meeting for mental health ✅ 2024-01-29
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Follow up data meeting
	- [ ] Add some cons to tokenization 15:00-15:15
	- [ ] Create a Kanban board with topics 
	 - [ ] Why do they have to delete DCID? Isn't that just a pseudoanonymized token
	 - [ ]  Build concept for accessing data via catalog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

Remote commute is treated saperately. 
We need to register you in the authorities that we need to stay in Switzerland. 
Need to register 8 days. 
We need to calculate a top up salary. We will have a top up salary from Zuirch. Variable salaray -> Top up Zurich. 
Victoria Cederberg will send a commuting agreement. 
Won't be doing an additional tax declaration. 
In case you're prolonged and need to go again , we need to let Noemi know. We only have to know 1 day in advance. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

