---
created: 2023-12-01 13:25
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, December 01, 2023

<< [[2023-11-30-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-12-02-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] See how a role for reading CDC can be setup.
- [ ] Remove administrator role
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Read about how tokenization can be done
	- [ ] WAITING - Check if CDC is disadvantagous if data is updated daily.
	- [ ] Create a data and dumplings website
	- [ ] Reach out to Klarna to setup a meeting - Gunnar Tångring
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?
---

# 📝 Notes

Valentina - In the same team as Yevgen, working Business, PM for datahub, collect data in cookiedoo
Benedikt - Anonymization, cozy 

We don't need PII data like email, last name. We try to reduce the data. 

Cookie doo
Digital ID. Is used across cookie doo.
Usage box 
Cereated mapping table between digital id and usageboxid
Remove mapping between userdeviceid usageboxid  
Terrabytes of data. 
Subscription data. 
**Assumed that dcid is already the token? When dcid and email adress is this kept if they delete their account. In bulk deletes every dcid that needs to be deleted and runs through all the** Created own user id and mapping.  

Only users box uses the actual mapping. 

We does the informatica 
Saves Usagebox id 
We need to share the the mapping. 

 Since we need to connnect sales data and cookiedoo. We need to have the email. 

At the moment information factory doesn't get the data from datahub. Get's the data from adobe campaign. This is we need the email. They're getting the email from the address and the dcid. Combined view is already connected. email adress from sales and from cookiedoo dcid and the email. 

List that someone distribute. Christofs teams. 

Cookiedoo they have not an atuomated process for right to be forgotten but get s done manually.  
We have a table for  

DPO anita in BI. We just designed that. Wasn't much input on the decision. 
Agreed with DPO that if there isn't a link it's good enough to encrypt. 

Requirement is high level of right to be forgotten.

Right to be forgotten: We need 3-4 months tecnically. 

Thoughts: 
Benedikt 
- Nobody will touch
cozy - 
I'll keep the simple. Tokenizatoin usagebox is simple. 
Start with a nifty, simple process. Validity times. 
Legal topic is causing frustration and complexity. 

Valentina
Tokenization in usage box works.  
We thought dcid was enough for it to be anonymized. Useful to deal with the GDPR. Governance tagging PII data. In datasets and column. And give access to the data. 
Request to have access. If we can tokenize everything all people can have access to everything and people give permission to the vault if they need anonymized data. 

Data privacy meeting: 

1. Start showing what you already now? Give background to our project? 
- What was the reason choosing vault tokenization over vault less tokenization with encryption keys? 
3.  Deep dive into the tokenizatin process? Any more in depth documentation? 
- Can we reuse the logic for tokenization? 
- How fast do data need to be forgotten? 30 days?
4. Sync between clouds? 
- How can tokenization be done in multi cloud? 
- Follow vs leaders? 

Next steps: 
- How do we synchronize 
- We provide the data anonymized dcid. 
- Question for Pietro: Possible to join with email and rebuild a customer. 
- Complexity to maintain and keep use the tokenization of the other data.  
- Discuss how they thought their current system. 

--- 
On premise SQL server

The data that we share. 
Emarsys connectoin sql server
Data out of our system with middleware 

Create a users that has access toschemas and table? 
Date when the data was loaded? Always a column? 

Topology of data 
N3 level: 
3rd level for reporting? 
Raw data? 

Service request in service now to create azure data factory? 
Make a proposal. 
Micheal was working on. Databricks is suggestion. 
Connection to local server
Italian we need to connect to a local server?

7 systems getting data from us. 
Emarsys would be the first system to directly connected to us.
We create views to extract ystem for other systems.
Can data directly from the table. 
Use field last changed as a watermark
Issue with deleted records. In case of SAP we can identify deleted record. Other system that doesn't have it. We have to go through some logic. We upload 6 months data 
Some case problem when dele. If physical deleted we can't assign users for a transatiction that was table.
GDPR. 
We need to eastablish data lineage for many different system. 
Normally data is not manulaly deleted but automated.
The next delta will be scrambled. Databricks will be scrambled.   

--- 




---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

