---
created: 2023-12-04 09:12
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, December 04, 2023

<< [[2023-12-03-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-12-05-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vw
	- [ ] Sketch anonymization flow
	- [ ] Sketch Ingestion flow
- [ ] Netlight 
	 - [ ] Reach out to Klarna to setup a meeting - Gunnar Tångring
	- [ ] Faktura flytt kolla victoria
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Remove administrator role
	- [ ] Read about how tokenization can be done
	- [ ] WAITING - Check if CDC is disadvantagous if data is updated daily.
	- [ ] Create a data and dumplings website
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative
	- [ ] See how a role for reading CDC can be setup.
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
- 

Send bucket in archive format - image files and json. Event key and event data. Have operational data. 
Listen to json files and send it google pubsub. 
Another microservice send the relevant data to mongodb
Refer to image file link 
Store reference link to image and metadata in mongodb 
Inserted to cli ml 

Moving away from mongodb it deosn't follow any consistent schema. 
upload fails often 
unzipping of comprezzed file 
insertion sometimes feel
mogodb read sometimes fail
link 
want to have data platform solution. 
Ingest data - decent data model. 
Evolving schemas - need to add information. 
analytical pipeline connect ot mongodb instance for dashboarding. 
Data upload are not consistent - pipe logs to elastic. Sometimes the data fails and data is lost. Sometimes pipelines was failing.  

Doesn't need to be real time. They need to see it within the database. How much data 30000 data points/hour. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

