---
created: 2024-02-01 10:14
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, February 01, 2024

<< [[2024-01-31-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-02-02-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [x] Check master data management - Booked meeting ✅ 2024-01-31
	- [x] Yevgen needs input in how the workspaces get set up. Look up how access controls can be given. ✅ 2024-02-02
	- [ ] Create screen recording and ad information to the ADR document. Add drawbacks with tokenization. Add comparison between tables approach vs cache.
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [x] Book meeting for mental health ✅ 2024-01-29
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 12:00 14:30  Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Check alternative solution with rest api
	 - [ ] Follow up data meeting
	- [ ] Add some cons to tokenization 15:00-15:15
	- [ ] Create a Kanban board with topics 
	- [ ] Why do they have to delete DCID? Isn't that just a pseudoanonymized token
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

Yevgen represent business head of AI. Often I care too much into technology. He's subjective is to provide customer benefits. 

We hired a new head of AI for technology. She's being onboarded. She's looking into long term strategy. She will be interested in Databricks. 
She were doing similar things in her previous company and she'll be doing the MDM. 

Yevgen thinks it a lot about operational data and he don't want to start MDM  

Can't enrich the date data in SAP for CDP. 

How was the MDM done? Setup a meeting with Gustav. Have an overview. Probably don't need a meeting.  


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

