---
created: 2024-02-12 12:30
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, February 12, 2024

<< [[2024-02-11-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-02-13-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] Make it joinable from anoymized and deanonymized
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Compile questions for the Workshop
	- [ ] Write about SW, what were the outcome of that meeting. What did we talk about.
	- [ ] Sign commute document
	- [ ] Create screen recording and ad information to the ADR document. Add drawbacks with tokenization. Add comparison between tables approach vs cache.
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write a post to become DC
	- [ ] Extend the resource group autokill
	- [x] Book meeting for mental health ✅ 2024-01-29
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Check alternative solution with rest api
	 - [ ] Follow up data meeting
	- [ ] Add some cons to tokenization 15:00-15:15
	- [ ] Create a Kanban board with topics 
	- [ ] Why do they have to delete DCID? Isn't that just a pseudoanonymized token
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

Propose how stitching is gonna be made until we get consent. 
- How do we propagate deletion of account. 
- The mapping should always be up to date and not be historized.  
- Need to get email: Email we get from adobe campaign. Need budget to get that data.  
- Delete Cookdiedoo account doesn't need we delete all the data. Do we need to handle partial deletes? 
- April or end of April. End of Q2. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

