---
created: 2024-09-17 10:02
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, September 17, 2024

<< [[2024-09-16-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-09-18-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

---

# 📝 Notes

#subscription
#zuora
Moved to google subscription deadline
We don't know how to handle the 
YOu can buy an in app subscription yearly doesn't autorenew
Will turn in to a monthly renewal
In the background handle it via Zuora. 
A proper sub history for all the users
for the yearly autorenweal we get events. 
Alicia and march looked into it but it doesn't need intuitive. 

Could inform in the suspended state. Probably not be interesting in intermediate states? 

Data model can change between business decides for instacne monthly is less performant. Will roll out one country at a time. 

We need to be able to deal with yearly autorenewal and non autorenewal. 

Google and apple sub. Test in prod in two weeks. 


Iriginaltransaction id serves as subscription id. Upcoming might be the new transaction id. 

Subscription name wil lbe changed from yearly to monthly. Should this be a new rateplan?
How is the Subname affecting?

Different tables since the data is quite different

End date are updated based on the renewal invents. Buy is the proper event. Set the renewal date. 

Uncertain what a subscription is 


--- 

We could model everything in zuora
**C**ontingency - we could model it in events 
**E**mergency - Conform it to the same data model. 

---
# PII Meeting planning EPIC

Supported types. 
Which dataset? 

Decision to be in Databricks or not? 
Define which token types? UUID? 
Currently the tokenization anonymize the enttiy id (user id) Is that enough.?
Data access maturity? Binary is enough? 

Data sharing? Should tokens be able to be retireved from another system. 
Testing? 
	- Benchmarking?
	- Writing end to end test
		
Audits? 

What long term solution do we need to ensure? Extensible for the future? 
Granular access pattern? token types for instance. 
Determinstic tokens? 
Risk assessment? 
## Acceptance criteria 



data products is 
team breakout session on Thursday. ]

Taking this epic. 


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

