---
created: 2024-09-12 10:06
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, September 12, 2024

<< [[2024-09-11-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-09-13-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

---

# 📝 Notes

Manuel is in the edlikrum department. 
traditioanl big enterprise. 
want to have a new data product 
mulitiple data teams at COOP. 
So much potentional - MLOPS. 
WOrking together for more years. 

Oppetunity 
Price sensitivity 
Needed a security audit. 
We have to create this opportunities ourself. Get them to act. 
Partner to Google and frequently talk to Coop. But google having hard time. 
Not where we need to be. We have trust but we have something more. There is this need we have a consultant that can fix it. We can grow the client naturally. 

Previously use case
The bread detection case. They want to automate this using machine learning. Looking for external suppliers but they tried to solve it on their own. ALl of there data scientist are junior to mid. 

Political client and need to be careful on who to talk with. Hierarchy on the client. 

They vased on Basel so hard to invite them to data and drinks. 

### Want to do data platform

Other data team. 


Get the feeling that they work on stuff that can't be done. 
5 people at COOP. 

We don't want to be afriad to stop on peopple toes 

sales manager reach out to bosses boss and our sales amanger reached out. 

## Next steps
- Manuel check roadmap for data platform team. What state are they and how many people? What are they doing? 
- Hugo connect with Ica and bounce ideas. Could add ICA as optional. 


# Meeting Valentina / Hugo 
- Ask with Barry. 
- Databricks circumvent. 

- Next week stage planning 

Monday or Tuesday agree before the stage planning. 
Monday after 15. 

We do have budget from stage 3 so we shouldn't have issues. Already discussed the prolongation. 
Already discussed with Thomas. I will ask them if we need .

## Data quality
https://vorwerkproducts.atlassian.net/browse/VN-95015
Any subsription that is from this month. Any new subscription shouldn't be marcoss

See if we got data quality issues? 

1. any new subscription should only be in Zuora. Is this the case? in combined should only be from zuora. 
2. 




---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

