---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-04-30 13:02
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, April 30, 2024

<< [[2024-04-29-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-05-01-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] Serial ids might no be unique. It's connected to a user. In order to keep uniquness we can't join on the id but on the whole token
	- [ ] Prepare concept of tagging
	- [ ] Be julian att fylla in tidsrapport
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Book om GC
	 - [ ] 2. Förebered LAF - Who to request feedback from and who to write to. 
	 - [ ] Skriv feedback Karolin!
	- [ ] Follow up with Josefin wellness
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Skriv till Mathias för att fråga om tisdagen! Waiting resposne
	- [ ] Compare build vs buy
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
	- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes
- 
Recipe data 

Need to give introduction to tokenization and what is the problem we solve? 

Less governance is better? 
Prefer tokenization in during ingestion. 
Prepfer more tokenization more. Should store in tokenized form
Make sure you can link user historically. 
Tokenization is another failure. 
We should know which hashed token a dcid mapping. 
2019 lost usage data. 

**Serial number** 
Don't need serial number. 
**In the future** 
Need to Identify second hand devices. Identify users who get 1 month trial. Constantly free of business.  
Might want to see if a device break downs what users were using it. 



**Undidon**
Messy
Move airlfow to custom kubernetes system
Unidon migrating alone
Role is devops and mlops
Not technical manager
Challenging part - manage expectation
13 repositories. 
Some part can be simplified.
CICD - gitea. They're not using a cicd tool 
using airflow for CICD as well
develop 


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

