---
created: 2024-03-26 10:21
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, March 26, 2024

<< [[2024-03-25-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-03-27-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [x] Master data management ✅ 2024-03-26
		- [x] Research about MDM for customer data ✅ 2024-03-26
		- [x] Write in slack. ✅ 2024-03-26
	- [x] Write to Valentina to setup a meeting regarding tokeniation ✅ 2024-03-26
	- [x] Add documentation on how to add the library to your workspace ✅ 2024-03-25
	- [ ] Create document for tokenization decision
		
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] **Information Security Awareness 2024** 
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
	- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

 Varför? 
 Varför behöver vi enhetliga begrepp?  
 Hur definierar vi ett användare? 
 operationell för analytiska? 

9-13 nästa tisdag. Enbart placeholder.  

Customer stitching? 
System för att definiera data entities?  
Dokumentera hur vi definierar olika "master data" till exempel vad är en användare. 
Usually have a customer interface. 
Ownership for data definitions. Mathias client, manually update stitching that didn't work. Will we have similar problems.  
Risk where data sources isn't consistent. 
MDM systems becomes hub where CRM, ERPS can get master data. 
Governance is also a bigger part of it. How owns the data sources and definitions? 
Could have different systems that owns certain columns of the customer data.  

How does organization support that? One responsible person? Analytics manager take part of that? Is there one person that is 100% responsible. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

