---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-05-17 10:07
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, May 17, 2024

<< [[2024-05-16-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-05-18-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [ ] RTBF across systems
	- [ ] Can we keep a deletion log for RTBF
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Book recurring meeting Yevgen
	- [ ] Inform Yevgen about vacation
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resources
	- [ ] Skriv till Laruenz DC Abdel och snacka om fortsatt format
	 - [ ] 2. Förebered LAF - Who to request feedback from and who to write to. 
	 - [ ] Skriv feedback Karolin!
	- [ ] Follow up with Josefin wellness
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Keep in mind to replace with token and not delete
	- [ ] Skriv till Mathias för att fråga om tisdagen! Waiting resposne
	- [ ] Compare build vs buy
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
	- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

Compose mail to skyflow and Piiano

Can you keep the data 1st party so you deploy within our infrastructure. 

Möte mathias 
Fredag efter eller vid lunch?
Tisdag lunch? 




---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

