---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2024-05-16 17:24
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, May 16, 2024

<< [[2024-05-15-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-05-17-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vorwerk
	- [x] Prepare presentation for DPO ✅ 2024-05-15
		- [x] Add determinstic vs non determinsitc tokens ✅ 2024-05-14
		- [x] Data tagging ✅ 2024-05-15
		- [x] Data audit ✅ 2024-05-15
		- [x] Right to be forgotten ✅ 2024-05-14
		- [x] Introduction to Tokenization ✅ 2024-05-14
	- [ ] Meeting with Piiano
	- [ ] Book recurring meeting Yevgen
	- [ ] Prepare excel document for comparing tokenization solutions
	- [ ] Inform Yevgen about vacation
	- [ ] Need to create a seggregation for use cases. What if you only can have access to part of the tokens although they're in the same column group? Do we need to add isolation? 
	- [ ] Ask Valentina about setting up meeting with DPO
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Delete AWS databricks resources
	- [ ] Skriv till Laruenz DC Abdel och snacka om fortsatt format
	 - [ ] 2. Förebered LAF - Who to request feedback from and who to write to. 
	 - [ ] Skriv feedback Karolin!
	- [ ] Follow up with Josefin wellness
- [ ] Personal
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Skriv till Mathias för att fråga om tisdagen! Waiting resposne
	- [ ] Compare build vs buy
	- [ ] What happens if a value for a customer is updated? How should it behave?
	- [ ] Data access concepts
		- How is PII accessed? Do we need to have more fine grained access rules? 
	- [ ] Compare synchronization vs isolation
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] What happens if we have id from different sources
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

More focus on what answers we want for her. Put the objectives for:

-  audit 
-  right to be forgotten 

Discuss definitions of objects. For example for do we need to delete serial number for RTBF. 

Want the important part from the beginning. What feedback do we need for her. 

Clarify requirements for the compliance point of view. This is what we want to achieve. 

RTBF global identity. Will the RTBF aligned or is it different for each systems.

DPO VI aneta 
DPO for Digital Rnd 
He wants to do an audit manually 
Can you document on confluence

With her we need to verify the objects

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

