---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2025-10-24 11:13
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, October 24, 2025

<< [[2025-10-23-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2025-10-25-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [x] Check link to their tech stack ✅ 2025-10-24
- [ ] Review FTE and project descirption. Ask mariusz about ftes. - Updated and waiting.  
- [x] Write to Chainreactor - ask Johanna - Waiting ✅ 2025-10-24
- [ ] Send GDPR summary to Carl
- [ ] AI upskilling
	- [ ] Ai hackaton - 31 Hackaton
	- [ ] Aks mathilda
- [ ] Send feedback
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Ingestion automation
	- [ ] AI driven developent introduction ES
	- [ ] Sales pitch AI driven
	- [ ] Check Vercel wrote to Martin Herring

---

# 📝 Notes
- 
Hi Emma and David! 

Thanks a lot for the great follow-up. It's been super interesting to get a better understanding of where you are and the current challenges you're facing. 

In our last call we talked about data privacy and compliance, mainly help with DPAs, and bounced ideas on how to build a privacy-respecting, compliant architecture, and you seem to have already done a great job there! 

One topic we discussed was how to design DPAs, so we looked into our network and found a person with experience drafting DPAs who could be a good person to bounce ideas off. We'd love to connect you with her.

We also discussed the architecture side and thought it could be useful for David and me to jump into a more technical deep dive to see if there are any additional privacy or compliance considerations to account for, and to bounce ideas on these topics as well.

If you think it’d be interesting to meet up, we can try to set up a meeting.

Looking forward to hearing from you.
---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

