---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2025-10-02 08:42
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, October 02, 2025

<< [[2025-10-01-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2025-10-03-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [x] Install outlook ✅ 2025-10-02
- [x] Ask Hampus about the cloud provider he worked for ✅ 2025-10-02
- [x] Besluta hur vi ska göra för encube ✅ 2025-10-02
- [ ] Prepare material for AI driven lessons learned
	- [ ] Check August material
	- [ ] Check Franz Material
	- [ ] Other best practices in AI-software-engineering
	- [ ] Check with Emelie the material she can provide
- [ ] Book meeting with Andreas Ohlsson
	- [ ] Waiting
- [x] Cancel meeting for presentation with Ebba ✅ 2025-10-02
- [x] Check with Viktoria ✅ 2025-10-02
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Check meeting Menmo
	- [ ] Write to Vera about have a session for Morgonsoffan to talk about AI driven development




---

# 📝 Notes
- Greenfield rewrite? 
- Can work productively 

What capability? 
This expertise? 
Good experience with the following tools. 


9 develpoers. Fullstack to move across the entire stack
Senior architect high level picture - pot holes.  Make it modular and microservice based. 
ux designer is key - ai products is a different interaction pattern. 
Quite senior team members. 
Starting with a greenfield project. 

The stack you choose has a big impact. 

Tooling: 
- Up to the individual - cursor 
- copilot on the enterprise setting. 
- Claude code sonnet 
- MCP servers: github reference the other repositories. 
- Jira  

Best practices: 
- MCP 
- API spec

Tooling is part of the presentation. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbDDYKRFjhk&t=590s

Monday would be ok. 


Tooling 
best practices  
Team setup 
Typical project 

They don't need to have the same stack. 
.net and java

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

