---
created: 2025-11-14 11:11
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, November 14, 2025

<< [[2025-11-13-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2025-11-15-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Send feedback reminders
- [ ] Add which section we can jump to from key guiding questions.   
- [ ] Ask daniel about how different doctor can access patient information and which responsabilities it is?
- [ ] Netlight side things
	- [ ] Check Xueleie Datahub meeting
	- [ ] AI upskilling
		- [ ] Ai hackaton - 31 Hackaton - Check with David Bergmark
	- [ ] Give references to anton
- [ ] Send feedback
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Product management AI session
	- [ ] Ingestion automation
	- [ ] AI driven developent introduction ES @sara rygert
	- [ ] Sales pitch AI driven
	- [ ] Check Vercel wrote to Martin Herring

---

# 📝 Notes

VCP 
pruduct maxview 
Anton - CRM system for L&P - tech product owner
Data we need is in Maxview
PML -> Maxview 
34 week 

Thomas
PML scorecard
Bigquery

--- 
Tools to follow up the sales to do the reporting. They say no and yes. The follow up on how the work is going in Salesforce. 

---
**Benefits**


--- 
**Context**
- Only on a client level and not customer level
- Most of the data is in structured data. 


**L&P** 
We don't have an overview, don't sort out business 
See view in Maxview and see insurances the customer have. It's not structured. Miss business opportunities. Follow their work. Don't know when we have talked to the customer. 
Get the advisor to see the business opportunities. Follow up. 
Call a customer what they already have. 

They look at the system in Maxview. They can plan the meeting. All that data. Structure the data into more depth. Where should we structure this data. Where is the data entered? 

We have all the data. 
Need to know 
- Salary 
- which emplloyeer
- what the pension plan 

Data is combined. Aggregate data from different sources. 
improrts that we get from the insurance company come from Linda 
PML is the customer data. Problem is the data model. You need to be attached to a company. We want an individual to not be attached to a company. 

Customer and client definition by andreas team. 
One definition in the dat warehouse and one in the Bonnaya or other system. 

Create duplicatees of you as an individual cause you need to. 

One company is split up into three organisations. 

Most of the data is in the warehouse. Not P&C and L&P. The business logic isn't clear. 
It depends on who's looking at the customer. 

-- -
How it's registered in PML but we. need to 
How does a pension policy look for client 
Doesn't say if a company allows it or not. 

The active customer  is it also propsecting 
Do we have the dat ain a client way. Might that we missing data from PML 
Pensoin plan is not defined in the PML. 
Would always be reactive. 
Predictive model. 
The salary has increased since last time and cna do a salaray change. Is it part of the policy plan that you can do salary plans. 

Convert a client, Neltight as a prospect, informationsfullmakt, we can get that data in the imports that ends up in the Linda. 

What processes are there? 

---
Changing data in Salesforce how does it change it. 

Private banking 
Updates information whe nsomething happens. It comes deposit. 
Just can't an update once a day. Only have funds. In the middle of the daty you have deposits. Make orders. 
It's always the same time. it's 1-2 time a day. 

L&P is only updates once a week. 
Different tweaks for the Private banking. 

--- 
**Wealth Management**
Maxfonder goes through PML. Old API call. We don't get all the information. 
In amxview you don't get ihe information in 
Don't see everything in Macview
End customer to use ot

Advisors start in maxview. Register customer in maxview. They have onboarding flow from maxvirew. 
-> which investments -> sign -> blanket from backoffice -> queing order until autogiro is ok -> money get 
Too see the new account to ssingle sign on to maxfonder interface. 
After you have onboarding. 
Log in to maxfonder to do changes. 
ALVI is just different interface and partnerweb which is backoffice. 

It's not intuitive that they have maxfonder. Didn't know that he has a private banker. 

---
What roles does Salesforce need? Important decision. 
Ability to see client pension policy set up. 
Advisors not using 
Capabilities do we have in each system. Relation to Maxview are you doing there. 

Faktainsamling from 2 system 
We have a databse from this. 


Upselll är det tex viktigt att skilja på vilken typ av manuell. 

Vad har kunden och vad har den inte. Har den löneväxlingen. Vad som finns. 

Kund master tabell. 

Alvi 

---

Vad fyller salesforce 
Streamlina processen mellan hur en avidos jobbar
Iife cycle hasn't been reated 

vill göra om provision. 
Produkter coh tjänster. 

Filip nygård skulle sitta med definitionerna. 
Mycket information sitter i huvudet på rådgivaren. Potential på kunden måste komma in. Den här kund eär bearbetad. 
Rapporten kommunicerar ju fel sak. 

Separera kund och individ. 
Processerna och life cycle 

Chef över rådgivarna. 
Folk vill ha tillbaka PML, svårt att förändra. 

Snarare ha med 
Olle kronholm - checf för cnetrala rådgivarteamaet, etablera nya arbetsätt
Albin åström.  - den som skriver till mig när det brinner, hur vi prospekterar. Har kört en pilot i göteborg. Kolla med en rådgivare hur ni kör Salesforce. 

**Anton har Material på  att prospektera in** 

Få upp en vy på kunder. 


--- 
## Vad gör man i SF

Salesforce mötesbokningar
Tilläggsinformation för eventuellt försäljning 
Företag i den cykeln
Universal status. 
Jobba med det och göra tilläge. 
Vi måste jobba med det för att berika det. 


----
**Vad gör man vart?** 
- Analys delen

Pierre ör en bra resurs, har byggt hela arkitekturen. 


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

