---
created: 2025-10-30 11:26
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, October 30, 2025

<< [[2025-10-29-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2025-10-31-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

- [ ] Draft session agenda
- [x] Add test steps to descriptions ✅ 2025-10-30
- [ ] Hur har de beräknat efficiency gain? Jämför de olika grupper?  Vad är maxtak.. Hur många adopters kan det vara? 
- [ ] Answer how internalization and vertical expansion would look like
- [ ] Ask daniel about how different doctor can access patient information and which responsabilities it is?
- [ ] Netlight side things
	- [ ] Check Xueleie Datahub meeting
	- [ ] AI upskilling
		- [ ] Ai hackaton - 31 Hackaton - Check with David Bergmark
	- [ ] Give references to anton
- [ ] Send feedback
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Ingestion automation
	- [ ] AI driven developent introduction ES
	- [ ] Sales pitch AI driven
	- [ ] Check Vercel wrote to Martin Herring

---

# 📝 Notes


# Objectives

- Client relationship value across L&P, P&C, and Wealth Management
- Client, products, premiums, capital and commission insights
- Historical trends 
- Identify Cross and upsell opportunities
- View Customer Journey  
- Data activation - Email, SMS, in-platform messages
products held, premiums paid, and commissions generated
- Provide single operational data view of clients (including prospects) and customers
- View client relationship value across L&P, P&C, and Wealth Management, including products held, premiums paid, and commissions generated
- Identify which employees are customers and which are not, and measure penetration rates for products across the employee base
- Ability to track historical trends in client, product, premium, capital and commission data over time
- Identify potential cross-/upsell opportunities at both employee and company level.
- Identify a customer’s current stage in the customer journey
- Ability to see all Private Banking clients 
- Asess the total relationship value across WM and non-WM products, including premiums and commissions.
- Ability to see commission generated
-  Ability to see in Salesforce, per corporate client
- Deliver relevant communications via email, SMS, and in-platform messages on the homepage.


# Objectives summary
1. Establish unified client and prospect data views to enhance transparency and operational efficiency.
2. Track and analyze the full relationship value (products, premiums, commissions) across business lines and customer segments.
3. Monitor historical data and client journey stages to identify trends and opportunities.
4. Enable segmentation to measure product penetration, cross-/upsell potentials, and employee-customer relationships.
5. Integrate data and insights into platforms like Salesforce for actionable intelligence per client.
6. Deliver targeted communications through multiple channels (email, SMS, platform messaging) for better engagement.

# Dependencies

# System Integration
L&P and P&C Client Prospecting process
- System integration with swedish National Companies database to validate company. 
L&P cross/upsell potential
- Integration of WM platforms (e.g., MaxFonder, Alwy) with Salesforce and the Data Warehouse.
P&C 
- Integration of P&C platforms (e.g., Bonnaya replacement / Broker Platform) with Salesforce and the Data Warehouse. 

# Data Quality issues
L&P and P&C Client Prospecting process
- Data quality issues such as missing data and dependecy on rearchitecture mention on page 20. 

L&P cross/upsell potential
- RS Advisor system Unstructured data prevents measurement of cross/upsell, requiring a spreadsheet workaround
- Data quality uplift to ensure consistent client/product data across systems.

P&C 
- Data quality uplift to ensure consistency across CRM, DWH, and the Commission System.

All
- Data quality uplift through unique identifiers for clients and customers, deduplication, cleanup of outdated records, and standardisation across upstream systems (RS, PML, MaxView, Commission System, Bonnaya, MaxFonder, etc.).



 We will need to load or make existing clients and customers data available to Salesforce (with data clean up) and decide on, design and implement the mechanisms to keeping client and customer data up to date.  For example, decide what data needs


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

