---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-12-19 11:38
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, December 19, 2023

<< [[2023-12-18-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-12-20-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vw
	- [ ] 11:50-12:30 How can tokenization be done in spark
	- [ ] 14:00-15:00 Tokenization meeting
	- [ ] 1550-12:30 How can tokenization be done in spark
	- [ ] Document tokenization
	- [ ] Plan next data governance steps
		 - [ ]  How is the catalog use? How to request access to data? 
- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [ ] Follow up booking ski trip
	- [x] Follow up with Anton Moberg about skitrip ✅ 2023-12-18
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] 09:30 - 10:00 Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Create a data and dumplings website
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?
- [ ] 13:00 - 13:00 Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael

---

# 📝 Notes

Why have the token instead of not having it at all?

How do we collect history of a customer behaviour. 

Mapping is removed which makes us loose the data. 
Collect data for consumers that don't have consent. 

Have session with DPO if we can collect dcid. 

How often customer change consent status?
usagebox id is renewed everytime they use new consent

dcid when customer create the account
	
mapping usageboxid and dcid is done with a microservice
How to retain information about anonymized users. 

How to deal with token vault, when we have dcid

---

All data points can be collected since it's covered by legitimat4 einterest
Got a list with all data points need to be anonymized. Device id and user id needs to be anonymized. 
If we have consent we can use the dcid, but if we don't have consent we can't use it. 
Will also have data where we don't have a cookiedoo 

We could go live in the beginning with data with consent. 

Recipe optimization and product improvement. Need identifier for user. 
serial number and dcid makes a session unique.

not possible - but with a lot of effort. 
SNR was  bought by this person that's why it's sensitive.

Can continue with priority 1 but not 2.
Linkability - 

DS360 - Doesn't change much. Will receive all the data if there is in consent. Since we're collecting serial number and you'll have the serial number in the sales data. Probably we don't want ingest serial number from sales data. 

Landing zone has retention period of 1 week or x days of receiving it. It's not persisted. 
Needs to be anonymized if we store it without consent. DCID and SNR. 

Personalization in customer 360 relates to customer consent. 
Consider what other PII we have. 
A list what's requirered in the platform. We should think which data is needed for customer 360. 
Do we need to consider marketing consent. If we use emarsys we don't need to enforce marketing consent. 
Only personalization consent is relevant not marketing. 

Problem with consent change is historical data. A little bit more problem with historical data. Is usagebox the only historical data. 
If it's a fact table you can use it or not use it. You delete the history or you keep storing the. 
See if we have other with history, then we need to set it up as different users depnding on consent. 

Discuss the scope and what data 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

