---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-12-18 10:07
---
	tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, December 18, 2023

<< [[2023-12-17-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-12-19-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

- [ ] Vw
	 - [ ] Book meeting with Pietro tomorrow - Waiting
	- [ ] 11:00-12:00, 14:00-15:00 Plan next data governance steps
		 - [ ]  How is the catalog use? How to request access to data? 
	- [ ] 14:00-15:00 Plan next data governance steps

- [ ] Netlight 
	- [ ] 13:00 - 13:15 Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael
	- [x] Follow up with Anton Moberg about skitrip ✅ 2023-12-18
	 - [ ] 13:00 - 13:15 Write to Lea about Data initiatives - Follow up
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] Boka tid psyrasis: Måndag-fredag 08.30–11.30 och 14.00-15.00
	- [ ] 13:15 - 13:30 Boka tid hos psyriasis förbund
 - [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Reach out to Predeep - Waiting for approval of request to connect
	- [ ] Remove administrator role - Waiting 
	- [ ] Create a data and dumplings website
	- [ ] Watch [gen ai talk](https://netlight365beta-my.sharepoint.com/personal/raku_netlight_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fraku%5Fnetlight%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FRecordings%2FArchitecting%20LLM%2Dpowered%20applications%5F%20A%20practical%20guide%2D20231207%5F180207%2DMeeting%20Recording%2Emp4&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview&ga=1)
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

Providers get their money 
Poeple can charge

Get excel files, php scripts to fix data issues 
A lot of manual efforts

contact and information from
who and how to make the propsal client 
Want a mvp done within a month. 
Goal is to have something within a month. 
Factor of 10. 
Focusing on. They want to build in different steps. 


Dominated topic was scaling the team 
Full RFP process
For Yevgen point of view nothing has changed.  
I can override them but didn't do them with the PO. 
20 pages describing the project
Need couple of days to get the approval. 
Most probable the outcome will th

Mold in Yevgen's apartment

Valentina - 14-15, 09-10. 

Data processing team - centralized team 
A couple of central team. Responsible for business teams. 
Each country - 5 countries - enable them to have their own workpace. Because then we can segragate their workspace and send it to emarsys. 
Central team need to implement for countries. 

Data activation would be more important . How to create ws for these countries. Roll it out for 10 countries. Terraform script for other team. 


--- 
Potential Data recruits 

Festina Ismali
Saransch
Pinar
Simon Cronjaeger

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```



# Day planner

- [ ] 13:00 - 13:00 Write about data governance initiative - check with Michael