---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-12-07 14:44
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, December 07, 2023

<< [[2023-12-06-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-12-08-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Vw
	- [ ] Sketch anonymization flow
	 - [ ] Reach out to Valentina and Benedikt to ask about dcid
- [ ] Netlight 
	 - [ ] Remove myself from the Munich group
	 - [ ] Reach out to Klarna to setup a meeting - Gunnar Tångring
	- [ ] Faktura flytt kolla victoria
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Sketch Ingestion flow
	- [ ] Remove administrator role
	- [ ] WAITING - Check if CDC is disadvantagous if data is updated daily.
	- [ ] Create a data and dumplings website
	- [ ] Write about data governance initiative
	- [ ] See how a role for reading CDC can be setup.
- [ ] Thoughts
	- [ ] Can we do quality checks too see that CDC works. For isntance hashnig a table?

---

# 📝 Notes

Able to support them in Q2-Q3 software engineering side. Meet two people in 
Yevgen brother in law work as a freelancer. 

**PII meeting** 
If I see something for the roadmap for the next year.  Pietro from DW perspective is
Decision need to come from the device or the server
Legitimiate interest with anonymized data

Process - how anonymize and 
Decision for the goverment. Who can access and who cannot depending on what consent you have? 
Knowing PII is simple, ask DPO

Complicated 
Part of the data need to anonymized. At the same time you need to check content. Need to track how the feature is used. Going back to the consent. If you switch in and off consent how does the flow. 
For the content you need to break the linkage. 
Different consent in different systems -> Want to merge. 

How to implement consent


# 2 main pocs
Connect two on prem
Connect to emarsys, we can use synapse.

I will get two developer for the proof concept. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

