---
created: 2023-09-25 09:22
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, September 25, 2023

<< [[2023-09-24-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-09-26-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 

- [ ] Output table
	- [ ] Define which fields should be excluded
		 - [ ] Should probably have confidence
	- [ ] First sketch on how the output table with look like
- [ ] Open PRs
	- [ ] Finalize the PR for emails regex
		- [x] Fix emails so we can see subset of them ✅ 2023-09-21
		- [x] Clean up Code and save as queries ✅ 2023-09-21
		- [ ] Document the changes for email
- [ ] prepare planning meeting for scope framework
	- [x] Meeting with Renee at 14 ✅ 2023-09-22
	- [x] Asked in Netlight ✅ 2023-09-21
- [ ] Netlight
	- [ ] Follow up on data-n-dumplings
	 - [ ] Fill in bahncard skovid
	 
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Netlight
		- [ ] Follow up on gcp certifications document
	 - [ ] PII
		- [ ] Add task for location
		- [!] Add task for automatically running the validation on a PR
		- [!] Need to add higher confidence but for instance looking at how many of one mail is occurring
		 - [ ] Don't have any context to what part in a findings that was PII
		- [ ] Could pubsub messges be trunacated due to size.  Some messages or columns were truncated due to size. To pull the full message, see this documentation
		- [ ] Add pii table reference in terraform 
	 - [ ] Datahub
			- [ ] Suggest way of giving data access
			- [ ] Write Summary from Sebastian
		- [ ] React on logs?
		 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
		- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives
- [ ] Question:
	 - [ ] How is the pubsub messages consumed. Can they consume more although porcessing a callback. Can the load be uneven so only one batch job consume the last messages.

---

# 📝 Notes


- Add post filter.
- Talk to Christian to see what we can deliver. 
- Reducing the need for manual scanning for PII.
- Having measure of security for finding PII. 



---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

