---
created: 2023-09-15 09:04
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Friday, September 15, 2023

<< [[2023-09-14-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-09-16-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Create data validation
	- ~~Complete documentation for data validation 
	+ Open PR to create data validation set
- [x] Meeting Roberto (@2023-09-15 14:45) ✅ 2023-09-18
- [x] Answer Nicolas regarding Swsscom workshop! ✅ 2023-09-15
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Netlight
		- [ ] Follow up on gcp certifications document
	 - [ ] PII
		- [ ] Add task for location
		- [!] Add task for automatically running the validation on a PR
		- [!] Need to add higher confidence but for instance looking at how many of one mail is occurring
		 - [ ] Don't have any context to what part in a findings that was PII
		- [ ] Could pubsub messges be trunacated due to size.  Some messages or columns were truncated due to size. To pull the full message, see this documentation
		- [ ] Add pii table reference in terraform 
	 - [ ] Datahub
		- [ ] Write Summary from Sebastian
		- [ ] React on logs?
		 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
		- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives
- [ ] Question:
	 - [ ] How is the pubsub messages consumed. Can they consume more although porcessing a callback. Can the load be uneven so only one batch job consume the last messages.

---

# 📝 Notes

#dathub-issue
As I reported already, we at b.telligent and Hakan we are about to write the next Google funding “application” (SOW). Fabian, our b.telligent Funding expert, discovered a likely hickup in the approval process: Datahub. Google started 2 years (or so) ago an analogous solution called Dataplex. It’s an extensive metadata management instrument including such things like quality management and PII scanning, designed to work on heterogenous data silos, but of course very able to interact with their own core solution Big Query excellently. We have to have really good arguments not to use Dataplex if we would like to have a chance to get the approval from Google. 

Thus I would like to ask you for these really good arguments for Datahub (versus Dataplex):

- Did you evaluate Dataplex already in turn of the decision for Datahub? Do you have still documents? 
- What are important features of Datahub you take great benefit from, which would be hardly to be achieved with Dataplex?
- Why would be the estimated costs to change to Dataplex high compared with the further development efforts in the next months and years on Datahub? 

Thank you very much already and sorry for this inconvenience – however it’s quite sure, that with naming of Datahub this topic will be brought up by Google.

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

