---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-08-29 12:39
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, August 29, 2023

<< [[2023-08-28-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-08-30-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Investigate pubsub subscriber not pulling all messages 
	- Add some logging and debugger
	 - Same problem for deployed version? 
- [ ] Bigstaging and pii scanner need to infer environment variables correctly
	- NEED TO ADD SCAN_OUTPUT_INFO_TABLE_REFERENCE AND SAMPLE_RUN_INFO as well to terraform
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Add task_count and parallelism as environment variables
	- [ ] Write Summary from Sebastian
	- [ ] Missing from datahub but discovered in the unnesting v135-4542-pricing-cockpit-prod.ad_hoc.20230522_mw_BHT
	- [ ] Fix logging so it's logging in the correct place scan.py line 227. The start time should probably be different.
	- [ ] Follow up on gcp certifications document
	- [ ] Field information is empty. 
	- [ ] React on logs?
	- [ ] Add pii table reference in terraform 
	 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
	- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives
- [ ] Question:
	 - [ ] How is the pubsub messages consumed. Can they consume more although porcessing a callback. Can the load be uneven so only one batch job consume the last messages.

---

# 📝 Notes
- 15:16 lost access to create batcj jobs
google.api_core.exceptions.Forbidden: 403 POST https://bigquery.googleapis.com/bigquery/v2/projects/mms-ana-anase-dataclf-d/jobs?prettyPrint=false: Caller does not have required permission to use project mms-ana-anase-datahub-d-data. Grant the caller the roles/serviceusage.serviceUsageConsumer role, or a custom role with the serviceusage.services.use permission, by visiting https://console.developers.google.com/iam-admin/iam/project?project=mms-ana-anase-datahub-d-data and then retry. Propagation of the new permission may take a few minutes.


---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

