---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2023-08-31 11:21
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, August 31, 2023

<< [[2023-08-30-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-09-01-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [x] Bigstaging need to infer environment variables correctly ✅ 2023-09-01
	- NEED TO ADD SCAN_OUTPUT_INFO_TABLE_REFERENCE AND SAMPLE_RUN_INFO as well to terraform
	 + **Issue(!)** Might be introduced during PR [https://github.com/MediaMarktSaturn/ANASE-bigstagingtable-dev/pull/48](https://github.com/MediaMarktSaturn/ANASE-bigstagingtable-dev/pull/48 "https://github.com/mediamarktsaturn/anase-bigstagingtable-dev/pull/48"): Batch still does not know of Local_Run, as well as the Topic/Subscription, when not run locally => Their defaults in config.py need to change. == We also needed to add output tables since they weren't in the the cloudbuild file.
	 - Need to add BATCH_TIMEOUT to terraform
	 - Reset the APP variables after testing
 - [ ] Read post filter PR
- [x] Answer Kristoffer Advent - after lunch or in time ✅ 2023-08-31
- [ ] Backlog
	 - [ ] Don't have any context to what part in a findings that was PII
	- [ ] Investigate pubsub subscriber not pulling all messages 
		- Add some logging and debugger
		 - Same problem for deployed version? 
	- [ ] Add task_count and parallelism as environment variables
	- [ ] Write Summary from Sebastian
	- [ ] Missing from datahub but discovered in the unnesting v135-4542-pricing-cockpit-prod.ad_hoc.20230522_mw_BHT
	- [ ] Fix logging so it's logging in the correct place scan.py line 227. The start time should probably be different.
	- [ ] Follow up on gcp certifications document
	- [ ] Field information is empty. 
	- [ ] React on logs?
	- [ ] Add pii table reference in terraform 
	 - [ ] Need to make sure to create a run_id since we can't deduplicate otherwise
	- [ ] Use chatpgpt to identify false positives
- [ ] Question:
	 - [ ] How is the pubsub messages consumed. Can they consume more although porcessing a callback. Can the load be uneven so only one batch job consume the last messages.

---

# 📝 Notes
- 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

