---
created: 2024-11-12 10:09
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Tuesday, November 12, 2024

<< [[2024-11-11-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2024-11-13-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Write to data and privacy group and ask if we should reschedule
- [x] Book meeting with Valentina ✅ 2024-11-12
 - [ ] Add documenation on what identity is
 - [x] Add token vault specified schema ✅ 2024-11-11
 - [x] Add pii type in join ✅ 2024-11-11
 - [x] Remove data type ✅ 2024-11-11
- [ ] Write feedback
	- [x] Laurenz - in progress ✅ 2024-11-04
	- [x] Peter ✅ 2024-11-04
	- [x] Send feedback Peter ✅ 2024-11-11
	- [ ] Gustav
- [ ] Registrera friskvårdsbidrag
 - [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Update documentation in confluence responding to the comments
	- [ ] Create group to acccss the token vault
	- [ ] Guarantee token isn't regenerated by creating a old token tables
	- [ ] Review developer agreement
	- [ ] Write feedback - Thursday
		- [ ] Eric
		- [ ] Undion

---

# 📝 Notes
- 

###  Central Package Registry
- **Description**: A package registry hosted on GitLab 
- **Pros**:
    - Can be installed in any cluster by any user 
- **Cons**:
    - Requires an init script for registry access - therefore harder for consumer to access the package. 
    - Need to add permission in gitlab to access the package and unity catalog to use the table. 
    - Not clear exactly how Okta groups can be given access to read the package.

###  Installation on a Specific Cluster

- **Description**: Install the package directly on a specified cluster.
- **Pros**:
    - Simpler to manage for individual clusters.
    - Can be installed via wheel or PyPI package.
- **Cons**:
    - Each workspace needs a separate cluster, not shared across workspaces.

### Package Wheel in a Volume

- **Description**: Store the package as a wheel in a volume.
- **Pros**:
    - Easier for consumers to install.
    - All permissions managed in one place - Unity Catalog.
- **Cons**:

### Decision Rationale

Option 3 was chosen because it provides a scalable solution that can support multiple clusters and workspaces efficiently. It simplifies access for users and supports version management, making it a more sustainable choice for environments with varied and frequent access needs across Databricks workspaces.

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

