---
categories:
  - "[[Daily]]"
created: 2026-04-20 09:23
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, April 20, 2026

<< [[2026-04-19-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[2026-04-21-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

# 🔥 Todo 
- [ ] Ethira
	- [ ] Look at Jasper message on UIUX
		- [ ] Ask Jasper if I want her to drive that conversation, but I need some context
	- [ ] Look at roadmap
	- [x] Align with Bene on priorities ✅ 2026-04-20
	- [ ] Meeting to discuss the architecture needed for release 
	- [ ] Add a task to get a warning that we discovered tools that aren't in you selected 
	- [ ] Book new meeting with Lucas
- [ ] Netlight
	- [ ] SC update meeint
	- [ ] Prepare for booking in people to meet for Erik
	- [ ] Check SS meeting during lunch
- [ ] Backlog
	- [ ] Script for changelog
	- [ ] Set up a script for the triage
	- [ ] Update Iru

---

# 📝 Notes

- Risk assessment and PII detection 
- For regular users have a warning - Admin on a dashboard and user for the extension. Educate them. Track what they're clicking on and if they accept. 

- Go through the 

- Capture the signals 
- Restructure the architecture
- What do we do with the signals
-> No signals needed. Bringing the risk for the pre screening. 
- Install it on all browsers 
- Do pre screening on newly detected 
- What existing signals do we have. Do we have prescreening. 
- Visualize  risk with user and a vendor 

### High level 
Stänga deals 
- Email + Auth via DNS trafik -> Close deals 
- See till att användare 
+ Overprovision - Får mer data än vad som inkluderas i deras data. Ger för mycket provision. 

---

### Notes created today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day  
SORT file.time asc  
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
LIST  
WHERE file.mday = this.file.day  
SORT file.mtime asc  
```

